The DaVinci/openAUTOSAR project is a fork of openAUTOSAR/classic-platform v2.18.0 by Arctic Core (now part of Vector GmbH)
Its main objective is to provide a learning platform for the development of AUTOSAR modules.

For details about setting the development environment and possibly other development issues please read the INSTALL.txt file.

Da Vinci's contributions so far:

- v0.1.0.alpha
    - Created of a build system based on CMake, rather than old *nix/GNU Linux makefiles
    - better decoupling of the software modules between the different AUTOSAR blocks and from hardware packages (still a work in progress)

- Currently Known Issues
    - There is no real hardware support. The software package generated by the compilation is for a now unsupported STM32 board. A successful generation of the package only indicates the fact the the build system has been correctly configured.
    - AUTOSAR modules not explicitly mentioned are not supported at the moment
    - AUTOSAR modules explicitly mentioned may just have stub implementations
    - A few source code files are still part of old Board Support Packages for boards that are not supoprted anymore. Some of these files are now used as examples for the configuration of the AUTOSAR modules. This is going to be fixed soon, but the build system should in the meantime provide information when those files are used.
    - The only compiler supported at the moment is the gcc-arm-none-eabi, because that was the one needed to generate the binaries for the board mentioned at the first point of this list.

